Company Name	Company Position #	Position Title	Tier	Rank Required	Description	Info	Group
Hospital	0			3	Helping others get well is first priority at this hospital.		1
Hospital	1	Orderlies	Casual	3		Transport patients and assist the nursing staff. Definitely some physical labor involved.	1
Hospital	2	Nursing Assistant	Business Casual	3		Observe and report changes in patient condition. Must collaborate with medical staff and patients.	1
Hospital	3	Registered Nurse	Business Professional	3		Provide healthcare and education to patients. Hard worker and professional demeanor a must.	1
Pharmacy	0			1	The local experts on all things medicine.		1
Pharmacy	1	Pharmacy Cashier	Casual	1		Work the cash register and serve customers.	1
Pharmacy	2	Pharmacy Technician	Business Casual	1		Package, label, and dispense medicines. Customer interaction and some technical knowledge required.	1
Pharmacy	3	Pharmacist	Business Professional	1		Medicinal expert and face of the pharmacy. Pharmacists are professionals and should look the part.	1
Amusement Park	0			0	It's not all fun and games when you work at the amusement park.		1
Amusement Park	1	Cook	Casual	0		Work behind the counter and prepare food for amusement park visitors.	1
Amusement Park	2	Ride Operator	Casual	0		Safely operate rides and apply basic maintenance.	1
Amusement Park	3	Shift Supervisor	Business Casual	0		Oversee amusement park staff and handle customer concerns.	1
Hotel	0			0	Get your start in the world of hospitality by working at this 200 room hotel.		1
Hotel	1	Housekeeper	Casual	0		Housekeeping involves cleaning and setting up rooms for guest.	1
Hotel	2	Receptionist	Business Casual	0		Receptionists greet guests and assist with their needs. They are the face of the hotel.	1
Hotel	3	Concierge	Business Professional	0		Go the extra mile and provide luxury service as part of the hotel concierge.	1
Restaurant	0			1	Good food and good service is what this restaurant is all about.		2
Restaurant	1	Dishwasher	Casual	1		Scrub and sanitize dishes in the restaurant's kitchen.	2
Restaurant	2	Waiter/Waitress	Business Casual	1		Take customer orders and deliver food. It's a lot easier said than done.	2
Restaurant	3	Assistant Manager	Business Professional	1		Develop work schedules, manage restaurant inventory, and settle customer complaints. People look up to you as a leader.	2
Grocery Store	0			0	Working at a grocery store is mostly about good customer relations.		2
Grocery Store	1	Bagger/Cart Attendant	Casual	0		Support cashiers and other staff to get customers in and out of the store with the things they need.	2
Grocery Store	2	Cashier	Casual	0		Work the cash register and serve customers.	2
Grocery Store	3	Floor Supervisor	Business Casual	0		Oversee all floor operations. Address team member needs and help answer customer questions.	2
Retail Store	0			1	Interact with customers, manage inventory, and sell goods at the local retail outlet.		2
Retail Store	1	Cashier/Salesperson	Business Casual	1		Being a salesperson requires a lot of customer interaction and good communication skills.	2
Retail Store	2	Inventory Specialist	Business Casual	1		Place orders and stock shelves to make sure customer can get what they need.	2
Retail Store	3	Store Manager	Business Professional	1		Store managers are responsible for overall store operation. Help other team members with their jobs and make final decisions on customer issues.	2
Auto Shop	0			2	Make quality repairs and serve customers at the auto shop.		2
Auto Shop	1	Technician	Casual	2		Work with cars and make high quality repairs.	2
Auto Shop	2	Master Mechanic	Casual	2		Requires a wide variety of car knowledge plus a quick turn around time.	2
Auto Shop	3	Mechanics Supervisor	Casual	2		Oversee repair activity in the shop and address customer issues.	2
Preschool/Daycare	0			2	Various jobs are open at the local preschool working with children directly and indirectly.		2
Preschool/Daycare	1	Cafeteria Cook	Casual	2		Work behind the counter to prepare food for kids.	2
Preschool/Daycare	2	Daycare Aide	Business Casual	2		Help teachers watchover children as the daycare aide.	2
Preschool/Daycare	3	Preschool Teacher	Business Professional	2		Developing lesson plans, talking with parents, and teaching children is serious work.	2
Software Company	0			4	This large software company is looking for some technical talent.		3
Software Company	1	Development Intern	Business Casual	4		Get your foot in the door as a development intern who supports various software projects.	3
Software Company	2	Software Developer	Business Casual	4		Developers build the framework for software projects. They work with coworkers and clients to deliver valuable products.	3
Software Company	3	Development Manager	Business Professional	4		Manage entire development teams to ensure projects get delivered on time.	3
Financial Institution	0			4	There is a lot of career potential in this professional environment.		3
Financial Institution	1	Bank Teller	Business Professional	4		Interact with customers and potential customers as the face of the organization.	3
Financial Institution	2	Loan Officer	Business Professional	4		Analyze loan eligibility for customer.	3
Financial Institution	3	Financial Manager	Business Professional	4		Perform detailed accounting work and manage budgets.	3
Library	0			2	Organize media and serve customers at the local library.		3
Library	1	Library Assistant	Casual	2		Provide receptionist services as a library assistant.	3
Library	2	Library Media Specialist	Business Casual	2		Supervise staff and volunteers as you manage library media.	3
Library	3	Archives Director	Business Professional	2		Oversee the entire library archive and interact with high level executives.	3
City Hall	0			3	Make a difference in the community by working in city government.		3
City Hall	1	Intern – City Planning	Business Casual	3		Use your technical knowledge and communication skills to assist city planners.	3
City Hall	2	City Zoning Technician	Business Casual	3		Technology and data analysis is the name of the game for zoning technicians.	3
City Hall	3	Assistant Planning Director	Business Professional	3		Develop strategy and long term vision in this high level position.	3
Swimming Pool	0			0	The pool is a fun and casual atmosphere.		3
Swimming Pool	1	Snack Shop Cashier	Casual	0		Work the cash register and serve customers by the pool.	3
Swimming Pool	2	Pool Attendant	Casual	0		Enforce the pool rules as an attendant.	3
Swimming Pool	3	Lifeguard	Casual	0		Safety would be your focus as lifeguard.	3